src/08. Tutorials/06. Add Custom Block.md, before:

# Add Custom Block

This tutorial explains how to add a custom block to add raw HTML to a page.

## Raw HTML Block

This is the class for the block which inherits from the standard TextBlock 
as it just needs a single string value.

##### RawHtmlBlock.cs

~~~Csharp
using Piranha.Extend;
using Piranha.Extend.Blocks;

namespace MyWeb.Blocks
{
    [BlockType(Name = "Html", Category = "Content", Icon = "fab fa-html5", Component = "rawhtml-block")]
    public class RawHtmlBlock : TextBlock
    {
    }
}
~~~
##### custom-blocks.js

This is the javascript-file containing your custom Vue component, 
as specified in the BlockTypeAttribute. 
This file should be located in your wwwroot directory.

~~~JavaScript
Vue.component('rawhtml-block', {
    props: ['uid', 'model'],
    template: '<div class="block-body"><textarea :id="uid" rows="8" v-model="model.body.value"></textarea></div>'
});
~~~

##### custom-blocks.css

Here are some basic styles to make it look nicer. Adapt to your needs. 
This file should be located in your wwwroot directory.

~~~CSS
.rawhtml-block textarea {
    background: #043143;
    color: #9bddff;
    width: 100%;
    font-size: 0.875rem;
    font-family: SFMono-Regular, Menlo, Monaco, Consolas, "Liberation Mono", "Courier New", monospace;
    border: medium none;
    padding: 0.75rem 1rem;
    border-radius: 0.25rem;
}
~~~
##### Create RawHtmlBlock.cshtml

Create an empty file called RawHtmlBlock.cshtml and add this file to Views\Cms\DisplayTemplates. Then add the following code to the file:

~~~CSharp
@model MyWeb.Blocks.RawHtmlBlock

@Html.Raw(Model.Body)

##### StartUp.cs
~~~

Finally you need to add the following three lines in `Configure` in your `Startup.cs`.
The first line registers your block, the second and third lines registers your js/css resources 
so they are included in the manager interface. The lines should be placed below `App.Init()`.

~~~CSharp
public void Configure(IApplicationBuilder app, IWebHostEnvironment env, IApi api)
{
    ...
    App.Blocks.Register<MyWeb.Blocks.RawHtmlBlock>();
    App.Modules.Manager().Scripts.Add("~/custom-blocks.js");
    App.Modules.Manager().Styles.Add("~/custom-blocks.css");
    ...
}
~~~

Commit message:

Update 06. Add Custom Block.md
Update to indicate correct directory for .cshtml file if using Razor vs. MVC example

src/08. Tutorials/06. Add Custom Block.md, after:

# Add Custom Block

This tutorial explains how to add a custom block to add raw HTML to a page.

## Raw HTML Block

This is the class for the block which inherits from the standard TextBlock 
as it just needs a single string value.

##### RawHtmlBlock.cs

~~~Csharp
using Piranha.Extend;
using Piranha.Extend.Blocks;

namespace MyWeb.Blocks
{
    [BlockType(Name = "Html", Category = "Content", Icon = "fab fa-html5", Component = "rawhtml-block")]
    public class RawHtmlBlock : TextBlock
    {
    }
}
~~~
##### custom-blocks.js

This is the javascript-file containing your custom Vue component, 
as specified in the BlockTypeAttribute. 
This file should be located in your wwwroot directory.

~~~JavaScript
Vue.component('rawhtml-block', {
    props: ['uid', 'model'],
    template: '<div class="block-body"><textarea :id="uid" rows="8" v-model="model.body.value"></textarea></div>'
});
~~~

##### custom-blocks.css

Here are some basic styles to make it look nicer. Adapt to your needs. 
This file should be located in your wwwroot directory.

~~~CSS
.rawhtml-block textarea {
    background: #043143;
    color: #9bddff;
    width: 100%;
    font-size: 0.875rem;
    font-family: SFMono-Regular, Menlo, Monaco, Consolas, "Liberation Mono", "Courier New", monospace;
    border: medium none;
    padding: 0.75rem 1rem;
    border-radius: 0.25rem;
}
~~~
##### Create RawHtmlBlock.cshtml

Create an empty file called RawHtmlBlock.cshtml and add this file to Views\Cms\DisplayTemplates if working from the MVC example, or Pages\DisplayTemplates if working from the Razor example. Then add the following code to the file:

~~~CSharp
@model MyWeb.Blocks.RawHtmlBlock

@Html.Raw(Model.Body)

##### StartUp.cs
~~~

Finally you need to add the following three lines in `Configure` in your `Startup.cs`.
The first line registers your block, the second and third lines registers your js/css resources 
so they are included in the manager interface. The lines should be placed below `App.Init()`.

~~~CSharp
public void Configure(IApplicationBuilder app, IWebHostEnvironment env, IApi api)
{
    ...
    App.Blocks.Register<MyWeb.Blocks.RawHtmlBlock>();
    App.Modules.Manager().Scripts.Add("~/custom-blocks.js");
    App.Modules.Manager().Styles.Add("~/custom-blocks.css");
    ...
}
~~~
